Dear Daniel

Thank you for your inquiry, Palm Oil Storage Tanks are our main products, and they have been exported to African markets for many years in substantial quantities.We have 52 years of experience in the production and design of edible oil storage tanks. Our welders are all certificated to ensure the tank manufactured in high quality. After the completion of the product, we conduct rigorous inspection tests to ensure that the product meets your requirements. Additionally, we offer a competitive price for our services.
//产品细节需要精简
Here are more details about the requested product:
-size：Diameter of 2200 mm, shell height of 5250 mm, and total height approximately 6200 mm.One can fits into a 40-foot container? My size is calculated based on packing.If you have specific size requirements, Welcome to tell me. We can customize it for you. How many do you need? To which port should they be delivered? I can calculate the packing and shipping costs for you.
- Strictly use SS304 stainless steel as the material for full tank as well as the Accessories provides corrosion resistance, sufficient strength and durability, and ease of cleaning.
- As the palm oil solidification point is 20 degrees Celsius to 25 degrees Celsius,heating coils can be optional to ensure smooth discharge and maintain liquid flow especially in low temperatures.


I have noticed you mentioned the words of oil station, suppose you will also the the auxiliaries such as pump, weighing modular, stair and ladders. 

Because this is our initial email correspondence, I haven't included photos of our products and examples to avoid our emails being marked as spam. If you require this information, please reply to confirm our successful connection, and I'll be able to send you more details.If you have any special requirements or need further customization, please feel free to inform us. We are committed to providing you with high-quality products and look forward to the opportunity to work with you.
Thank you for your attention, and we await your response.

